PURPOSE

RENEWABILITY

Make all existing resources renewable, given at least a
finite starting supply of all normally-obtainable
resources.

This allows challenge maps such as skyblock/skygrid
to enjoy extended playability with minor or no changes,
by ensuring that no resource is finite, and thus the
play experience can scale out as necessary.

OBTAINABILITY

Make most resources that are less likely to be included
in custom challenge maps obtainable, given a basic set of
starting materials necessary for reasonable vanilla
gameplay.

Minimize the need for changes in custom challenge maps
to enjoy full extended gameplay.


DESIGN GOALS

Do not make any materials easier to obtain.
Challenge/expense of renewable techniques should be
higher than existing methods.

Run entirely on SMP server, require no client changes.

Follow design goals of Better Than Wolves.

Work with any existing vanilla and/or BTW map, i.e. do
not break builds.



DONE = Built into addon.  Recipe may be subject to change.
PENDING = Planned, but not done.  Recipe subject to change.
TBD = Not sure if this should be included.

Clay		DONE
	In-world: water over dung over sand
	Over time, dung will release acid and etch sand into clay
	Reaction is sped up by heat up to 3 blocks below

Dirt		DONE
	In-world: water over dung
	Over time, dung will release acid and become dirt
	Can also etch sand to clay in the same process
	Reaction is sped up by heat up to 3 blocks below

Lapis		DONE
	Collect wool with blue pigments from sheep breeding
	Render wool in high-temp pot with soap and clay
	1 soap per 4 input wool to separate pigment from wool
	1 clay per output lapis to bind pigment into clumps
	Forgetting clay causes blue pigment to be destroyed
	Blue is washed from wool, leaving other colors
	Other colors are organic dyes, lapis is the only mineral

Diamond		DONE
	Buy diamond tools from villagers
	Add 8 potash per diamond to dissolve bonding agents
	Add 1 conc. hellfire to accelerate potash reacton
	1 diamond is lost in the process
	For shovels, 1/2 diamond is lost (2 shovels -> 1 diamond)

Netherrack	DONE		Mossy + wart + souls
	Stew 1 cobble + 1 netherwart + 1 souldust
		-> 1 netherrack + 1 sawdust
	Step 8 cobble + 8 netherwart + 1 soul urn
		-> 8 netherrack
	Latter recipe is faster, but consumes clay

Lilypads	DONE
	Spread to adjacent blocks meeting spawn criteria
	Empty blocks w/ water source below, and >50% light or sky
	Stop spreading if there is already a lilypad adjacent

Soul Sand	DONE
	Trap dragon orbs inside a sand block, surrounded by solid blocks
	Surrounding blocks must be at least as hard as iron
	Use a mechanism involving timed pistons
	All trapped XP is consumed, 2% chance per xp point of transforming
	Reaction is exothermic, can set nearby blocks/entities on fire

Water		PENDING
	Place pump output next to an existing water spring
	Will eventually extend spring to pump output

Lava		PENDING
	Place hellfire block next to existing lava source block
	Hellfire will eventually melt into a new lava source

End Portal	TBD
	Should this even be renewable?
	Possibly using the Nether Star in 1.4+

Mob Spawners	TBD

Dragon Egg	TBD
	Should this even be renewable?
	Find some way to ensure original is not destroyable?
