BUG: Breeding harness on cows.

Review Villager Trading
	Some trades villagers used to offer in Vanilla have been
	removed in BTW, which includes anything made of diamond.
	Will have to identify them and find alternative sources.

Obtainable Wolves
	Need a way to get wolves in superflat (limited biomes).
	Ideas:
	- Terraform an area with sufficient spruce trees, and
	  they'll spawn (or change the biome to forest/tundra).
	- Wolves spawn in spaces with enough sheep and low
	  enough light level.
	- Cross-breed animals.

SoulSand Catch-22
	Soulsand currently requires sand, which requires gravel,
	which may require using mining charges on cobble.  Mining
	charges require hellfire, which requires a hopper w/
	soulsand filter.  We may need some way to bootstrap this
	process without hellfire or gravel.

Plant Crossbreeding Refinements
	- Fine-tune speed of cross-breeding
	- Fine-tune base probabilities of plants
	Right now the entire science of plant crossbreeding is
	in designing a layout with maximum production rate.
	There is a pretty basic trade-off between using more
	space for more species vs. more open plots, i.e. rate
	of production goes up linearly for both.  Instead, it
	would be better to have the player have to "target" a
	species by making probabilities of each specific plant
	dependent on its neighbors (but you still need to be
	able to get any plant from any others, in case maps
	lack certain resources).

End Portal
	Endstone as a prereq, as it can now be gathered from
	endermen, even in the overworld.

Mob Spawners
	Need to be able to make these in custom maps, minimally
	for mossy cobble gen, or BD's are out.
	Ideas:
	- Trap sufficient number of target mobs in a space, in-
	  world build.
	- Complex in-world build of expensive materials, type of
	  mob spawned is random or evolves based on nearby.
	- Make user-made spawners spawn useless mobs, e.g. ones
	  that die immediately with no drops, so they're ONLY
	  useable for cobblegen.
	- Create an alternative to spawners for mossygen...?

Dragon Egg
	This is supposed to be unique, but what if it is lost, or
	custom maps lack a dragon?
	Ideas:
	- Create replacement ender crystals; placing enough of these
	  close to each other in the end will summon the dragon.

Grinding Glowstone
	Convenience recipe to grind glowstone block into 3 dust in
	a millstone (average output).  For the cost of setting up a
	millstone (tech tree advancement), you get predictability
	and convenience.  Useful when glowstone is bought primarily
	in block form in villager trading, but used mainly in dust
	form for elements.

Blazes, Wither Skeletons
	Not available without a Nether Fort.

Villagers
	Not available without exploration and villages.
